Hello dear viewers and
subscribers of our channel my hands sony
xperia t 3 model has its advantages and
my cons and in this cross review i have them
tell in detail the display first what
draws attention in this smartphone it
Non-standard display size 5 3 inches
Moreover, with not very high resolution
screen but don't let it scare you because
that even if you bring a biysk smartphone
eyes in a pixel does not rush eyes
the smartphone can be operated with gloves
There is of course automatic brightness
display and the sun behaves
pretty good display technology and
ps it means that from all sides
the picture on the screen remains clear and
bright
smartphone uses one SIM card micro
sim and supports micro-sd memory card
up to 32 gigabytes at least so
written on the site
Android version of course the most
latest as of September 2014 android
4 4 gigabytes of RAM that
concerns performance but I personally
Would not recommend buying this
smartphone for games because if you take
according to test results, there is only about
15 thousand points antutu processor here
quad dragon so then the frequency
1400 smartphone case is very important
parameter
and a smartphone in my opinion is enough
successful in plastic soft let pleasant
the touch doesn't have a smartphone
sony single slippery somewhat
I received a lot of stuff outside the box
sony devices already tested and the inscription
sony she stands slightly
It basically does not interfere, we somehow
unusual for products with you in
the rest is practically no difference
even from more expensive fellow
there is no button to the word water resistance
inclusions already in my years of us they are not
change in the center of the volume buttons
separately rendered camera button that
Of course, quite comfortable under
lid hid connector under one
micro sim card and micro sd memory card
top headphone jack for quality
sound
I always say that the sound is quite loud
clear but something to him at my ear is not
enough because here we will say so
smart phones that play better but it
all about me personally
from the other end of the connector for
to computer micro usb
I am the only thing that I don’t like but
not the only smartphone that he
somehow out of place would be his
make it much more convenient down here here
gets constantly add under
index finger all with back
camera side camera 8 megapixels and
surprisingly good shots examples like
usually look under the video there is a flash
also here is an extra microphone
Of course the smartphone supports 3g
supports fourth generation networks
4g lte
Does the course have gps there
nfc
standard charger included
device cable yusb and the simplest
headphone warranty card manual for
performance in principle I have already given
your hours your game recommendation
Of course, for example, if you take to give
trigger 2 you can play it but in general
if you really need some
big screen smartphone with powerful
characteristics probably make sense
see something else here if
such a brief conclusion before
let's voice cons of this smartphone
well balanced it is very tonic
stylish and by the way except black
there are two more colors of the back
the cover the cover does not remove the battery
not removable by minuses minuses again
for someone there are no cons for someone not
here apparently there is no oleophobic
cover because fingerprints
going to some creepy speed
distortions so good also i'm nowhere
did not find information on the protective glass
the memory here is 8 gigabytes inbuilt
memory available about four s
half even a little less and
games are not put on the memory card for
someone it may also be a minus
so if you take stock of this
the smartphone is in the pros
turned out quite stylish design
besides the insertion is not plastics
this is stainless steel right here
sides stylish compact quality
assembly at the height of backlash is not in hand lies
comfortable enough
not bad working branded shell from
sony is pretty smooth everything is comfortable and
somehow thoughtful and does not change too
already over the years the screen is again not tft like
it was not so long ago on the sony devices and
It is a full gps all kind of
him for the price but when the review is removed
the average sold about 15,000 rubles
there are prices below there are prices above minus and I
also already called in detail I will add
the only one is a sleek back cover
as well as crowns from this side collects
quite a large number of prints
fingers
write in your comments like
would you buy this smartphone yourself
This and in general review on this
we finish in more detail and in detail
if you are interested can look at
channel our style
it is quite possible that we are on this smartphone
those on control will compare it with
other and as always wishing to be
be healthy be successful be positive
up to new releases with respect to all
david is happy